Describe the view component menu bar (#15)
rl-institut/open_plan: docs/view_components/menu_bar.rst

.. _menu_bar-label:

Menu Bar
--------

> Menu bar is a tab with a set of menus namely File, Scenarios, Preferences and Help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Menu bar is a set of menus namely File, Scenarios, Preferences and Help.
```

Attributes
^^^^^^^^^^

> * The following are the menus available in the menu bar:

Reviewer: This list could be copied pasted into actions to explain what is possible when clicking on a submenu's option

Author: I copied only two menus because it is self-explanatory with those

    #. File
    #. Scenarios
    #. Preferences
    #. Help
* *File* has the following submenus or options:
    I. Load project
    II. New project
    III. Save project
    IV. Save project as
    V. Export project
    VI. Exit open_plan

> * *Scenarios* has the following submenus:

Reviewer: I had the idea that each loaded/started scenario could appear as one option of this menu:

New scenario
Load scenario
`----` (separating horizontal line)
Scenario 1
*Scenario 2*
...
Scenario n

The current scenario is highlighted

    I. Load scenario
    II. New scenario
    III. Current scenario
* *Preferences* has the following submenus:

>     I. Language

Reviewer: I think we are only going to provide english, or should we make sure we have the option to have it also in german @catcad ?

Author: If it is not a difficult task (i.e., if there is some library or some sort of tool that lets us do this without much coding), I support providing the tool in German and other possible languages as well

    II. Display
* *Help* has the following submenus:
    I. Read documentation
    II. Examples and use cases
    III. Contact developers
    IV. Feedback
    V. License information
    VI. About open_plan...

Actions
^^^^^^^

> * Clicking on any of the tabs/menus results in a drop-down list of sub-menus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Clicking on any of the menus' option results in a drop-down list of sub-menu's options
```

> * The menus that are not applicable are greyed out or inactive and thus, nothing happens when clicked upon

Reviewer: This is a requirement

Author: Both of them? 

I am not sure if it is appropriate to put the first one under requirements

> * The menus that are not applicable are greyed out or inactive and thus, nothing happens when clicked upon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The menu/submenu's options that are not applicable are greyed out or inactive and thus, nothing happens when clicked upon
```
